# Managing Artifact Retention Policy

The <span class="GeneralKubernetes Cluster with Argo">Argo</span> automatically tracks the artifacts that your workflow and <span class="GeneralApplatix Platform Name">Argo</span> generates. There are four types of artifacts that <span class="GeneralApplatix Platform Name">Argo</span> handles:

*   Exported Artifacts - artifacts that are accessible globally to other workflows. To learn how to use artifacts as inputs to a workflow and reference exported artifacts, see "Container and Workflow" templates in the <span style="font-style: italic;" class="GeneralYAML Tutorial">Argo YAML Tutorial and Reference</span>[Container and Workflow templates](#/docs;doc=%2F..%2Fyaml%2Fcontainer_workflow_templates.md).
*   Internal Artifacts - artifacts that are accessible between steps in a single workflow but not accessible from another workflow.
*   User Application Logs - logs generated by the containers that the application runs. To view these logs, see [Managing and Monitoring Your Jobs](#/docs;doc=%2Ftimeline%2Fjobs_notused.md).
*   Applatix System Logs - logs generated by the <span class="GeneralKubernetes Cluster with Argo">Argo</span>.

Applatix also stores artifacts for a specified amount of time. You can configure how long you retain the artifacts from the <span class="GeneralApplatix Cluster Console">Argo Web UI</span>. Here's how to configure the retention policy:

1.  Click <span class="UI_element">Configurations</span> > <span class="UI_element">Manage Artifact Retention Policy</span>

2.  (Optional) Click **RECLAIM SPACE NOW** if you want to reclaim the storage immediately from all expired artifacts. NOTE: The Applatix Cluster automatically performs garbage collection of expired artifacts on a daily basis.  
    NOTE: The <span class="GeneralApplatix Platform Name">Argo</span> does automatically perform garbage collection of expired artifacts on a daily basis.
3.  Click <span class="UI_element">Edit</span> to modify retention time for various types of artifacts and logs.

4.  Enter the new time (number of days).
5.  Click <span class="UI_element">SAVE</span>.